# Contributing #

Contributions to Afloat are welcome on all fronts. Here are a few notes you should keep in mind when contributing:

  * At this time, only the author has write access to the repository. If you want to fix a bug or contribute code for a feature, feel free to check out the code, then use the `Tools/CreatePatch` executable in the trunk to create a patch file which will contain your changes. Patches should be sent to [mailto:afloat-contrib@infinite-labs.net](mailto:afloat-contrib@infinite-labs.net) and will be merged in the trunk if they're good.
  * Art contributions are welcome. However, since ∞labs is essentially a starved student, all I have here is Macromedia Fireworks, which works amazingly well and can open Photoshop files. Therefore: all art files sent **must** be source files (ie. with all layers, vectorial information etc intact), **will** be placed under the LGPL, and, if Photoshop files are sent, they **must** be saved in high compatibility mode (for Photoshop CS2 and later) to remain compatible with Fireworks and other applications used at ∞labs.
  * Localizations are special and will be handled separately; they will be added to the trunk but will remain separate from the source code and will be added to releases as part of packaging, rather than during the build process (in English: the Xcode project produces a English-only monolingual product, into which the localizations are added separately when the dmg is made). Mail ∞labs at [mailto:afloat-contrib@infinite-labs.net](mailto:afloat-contrib@infinite-labs.net) for more information or to volunteer for a localization.
