{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Italic;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Afloat Read Me Translation Template\

\f1\i\b0 Read me paragraphs have been marked with numbers ([1], [2]...) and hyperlinks with underlined text. Keep them in the final translation, as this will allow me to insert the text with the proper formatting and in the right position in my source document. Thank you!
\f2\i0 \
\

\f0\b [1] Afloat 1.0 pre-release three ---- Read Me!
\f2\b0 \
[2] Afloat is a small Preference Pane that adds many features to windows of all Cocoa applications on your Mac \'d1 putting them where you need them to be.\
\

\f0\b [3] So, what does Afloat do?
\f2\b0 \
[4] New features in this version:\
\
[5] - Transparency of a window can be adjusted quickly using the mouse or the keyboard, either in steps (by using the \'d2Less Transparent\'d3 and \'d2More Transparent\'d3 commands of the Window > Transparency menu, or pressing 
\f3 \uc0\u8963 \u8984 \u8670 
\f2  or 
\f3 \uc0\u8963 \u8984 \u8671 
\f2 ); or smoothly, by holding down the Control (\'d2ctrl\'d3) and Command (\'d2
\f3 \uc0\u8984 
\f2 \'d3) keys and scrolling up or down with the mouse wheel or two-finger scrolling.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f2 (The 
\f3 \uc0\u8670 
\f2  and 
\f3 \uc0\u8671 
\f2  keys are labeled \'d2pg up\'d3 and \'d2pg dn\'d3 on the keyboard of portable Macs.)\
\
[6] - Windows that are \'d2kept afloat\'d3 (with the Window > Keep Afloat command) now fade in when the mouse is over them and fade out to transparency again when the mouse leaves them.\
You can drag windows without having to \'d2grab\'d3 them from their title bar. To move a window, hold down the Control (\'d2ctrl\'d3) and Command (\'d2
\f3 \uc0\u8984 
\f2 \'d3) keys and drag any part of the window.\
\
[7] - If a transparent window has any drawers, those drawers will also become transparent.\
\
[8] - This version is localized in Traditional Chinese (courtesy of lOUDsCREAMER, \ul loudscreamer@gmail.com\ulnone ), Spanish (courtesy of glue London ltd.\'d5s Stuart Parkinson, \ul stuart.parkinson@gluelondon.com\ulnone ) and German (courtesy of Blue Technologies\'d5 Marcus Fehn \ul fehn@blue-tec.com\ulnone ).\
\

\f0\b [9] Features already present in older versions:
\f2\b0 \
[10] Make any window always-on-top or transparent using the commands added to the Window menu of all compatible Cocoa applications.\
\

\f0\b [11] Installing and removing Afloat.
\f2\b0 \
[12]To install Afloat, double click the Afloat icon in the disk image and follow the instructions given by the System Preferences application.\
\
[13] To remove Afloat, open the System Preferences application and click on \'d2Show All\'d3 to show the list of preference panes. Then, hold down the Control (\'d2ctrl\'d3) key and click on Afloat\'d5s icon in the \'d2Other\'d3 section. A menu will pop-up. Choose \'d2Remove \'d4Afloat\'d5 Preference Pane\'d3 from it to remove Afloat. Logging out and back in is advised after you remove Afloat.\
\

\f0\b [14] Using Afloat
\f2\b0 \
[15] Once enabled, you will find Afloat\'d5s commands in the Window menu (\'d2Keep Afloat\'d3, \'d2Always on Top\'d3 and \'d2Transparency\'d3). In applications that have Afloat commands, you will also be able to change the transparency and move windows without dragging from the title bar, as described above.\
\

\f0\b [16] Special note for Polish users\

\f2\b0 [17] Since Mac OS X and many applications are not available in your language, and Afloat uses the OS X system language settings to present itself to the user, the multilingual version of Afloat does not contain the Polish translation, as it would not be displayed by OS X (a localization more similar to the system's one would be always preferred instead by the OS).\
[18] This version of Afloat only contains the Polish translation, which will force the system to prefer it over any other possible localization. If you desire a version of Afloat that contains other languages, you should obtain the regular multilingual version at \ul http://millenomi.altervista.org/Afloat/?lang=en\ulnone .\
\
[19] For any problem or question, feel free to drop a line to \ul millenomi+afloat@gmail.com\ulnone  or at my AIM chat account (\'d2evthethinker\'d3).}