{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Regular;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f4\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-BoldItalic;\f5\fnil\fcharset79 LiHeiPro;
\f6\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11899\paperh16839\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Web site strings for Afloat.\

\f1\b0 See the 
\f2\i Translator's Guide to the Madness
\f1\i0  for more information about this file. Strings with strikeout marks (\striked1 like this\strike0\striked0 ) have been obsoleted and are here for historical reference only.  If they are untranslated, do not translate them.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "a work of \'b0"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 dzie\uc0\u322 o \'b0\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 "\'b0" is my nickname and therefore a proper noun.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "contact me"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 skontaktuj si
\f3 \uc0\u281 
\f1  ze mn
\f3 \uc0\u261 
\f1 \
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "AIM"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 AIM\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 AIM as in AOL Instant Messenger. Feel free to change if "chat with me" can be said more clearly in your language.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "Afloat. Light as air."\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 Afloat. L
\f3 \uc0\u380 
\f1 ejszy od powietrza.\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 This is the header at the top of the page. The tagline should be "catchy" and nice to read :)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \striked1 \strikec0 String: 
\f1\b0 "Make your Cocoa windows as light as air. Afloat lets them stay 
\f4\i\b always on top
\f1\i0\b0  of other windows, or make them 
\f4\i\b transparent
\f1\i0\b0  \'d0 or both at the same time, so that you can keep important things always in front of you. All of this 
\f4\i\b with just a few clicks, in most Mac applications
\f1\i0\b0 ."\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 \'c9\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 The bold-italicized parts above will appear dark blue on the page. If you want to use this effect, clearly mark the parts of text that you want to be emphasized.\strike0\striked0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 String: 
\f1\b0 "Download Afloat 1.0 now."\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u346 
\f1 ci
\f3 \uc0\u261 
\f1 gnij Afloat 1.0\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 The 'now' can be dropped if it doesn't "feel" good in your language.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "pre-release 2"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 wydanie przedpremierowe drugie\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 This is used in the yellow circle beneath 'Download\'c9'.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "development blog."\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 dziennik tw\'97rcy\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 All lowercase.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "(The development blog is avaliable in 
\f4\i\b English [en] 
\f1\i0\b0 and 
\f4\i\b Italian [it]
\f1\i0\b0  only.)"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "(dziennik tw\'97rcy dost
\f3 \uc0\u281 
\f1 pny jest jedynie po angielsku [en] i w\uc0\u322 osku [it])\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 The bold-italicized parts above will be linked to the English and Italian sites respectively. Please mark them with [en] and [it] in the translated text too.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \striked1 \strikec0 String:
\f1\b0  "Afloat is a Universal Binary and works on all Macs with Mac OS X "Tiger" 10.4 or later. Version 0.81 of \ul the SIMBL framework\ulnone  is included in the download"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 \'c9\

\f0\b Notes:
\f1\b0  Please mark clearly the "the SIMBL framework" hyperlink.\strike0\striked0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 String:
\f1\b0  by uzyska
\f3 \uc0\u263 
\f1  wi
\f3 \uc0\u281 
\f1 cej informacji, zajrzyj do [notki wydania] i pliku ["czytaj mnie"].
\f0\b \
Translation: 
\f1\b0 \'c9
\f5 \

\f0\b Notes:
\f1\b0  Please mark clearly the "the release notes and \'d2read me\'d3" hyperlink.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "Make your windows 
\f4\i\b float above all others
\f1\i0\b0 , make them 
\f4\i\b transparent
\f1\i0\b0  at the scroll of your wheel or in a single keystroke, and 
\f4\i\b move them
\f0\i0  
\f1\b0 without having to go search for the title bar. All of this, for most Mac applications, in just a few clicks."\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "Spraw, by Twe okna 
\f0\b wznios\uc0\u322 y si
\f6 \uc0\u281 
\f1\b0  nad inne, uczy
\f3 \uc0\u324 
\f1  je 
\f0\b przezroczystymi 
\f1\b0 przesuwaj
\f3 \uc0\u261 
\f1 c palcem po touchpadzie i 
\f0\b przesuwaj je
\f1\b0  bez poszukiwa
\f3 \uc0\u324 
\f1  belki tytu\uc0\u322 owej. To wszystko, dzi
\f3 \uc0\u281 
\f1 ki 
\f0\b mocy Twych klikni
\f6 \uc0\u281 
\f0 c
\f1\b0 , b
\f3 \uc0\u281 
\f1 dzie dost
\f3 \uc0\u281 
\f1 pne w prawie ka
\f3 \uc0\u380 
\f1 dym programie na Twoim Macintoshu.\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 The bold-italicized parts above will appear dark blue on the page. If you want to use this effect, clearly mark the parts of text that you want to be emphasized.\
\

\f0\b String:
\f1\b0  "Afloat is a Universal Binary and works on all Macs with Mac OS X 10.3.9 "Panther", or 10.4 "Tiger" or later. Version 0.81 of \ul the SIMBL framework\ulnone  is included in the download"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "Afloat jest Uniwersalnym Binarium i dzia\uc0\u322 a na wszystkich Makach z systemem Mac OS X 10.3.9 "Panther" lub 10.4 "Tiger" i nowszymi. Wersja 0.81 \ul frameworka SIMBL
\f2\i  
\f1\i0 \ulnone jest do\uc0\u322 
\f3 \uc0\u261 
\f1 czona do 
\f3 \uc0\u347 
\f1 ci
\f3 \uc0\u261 
\f1 ganego obrazu dysku.\

\f0\b Notes:
\f1\b0  Please mark clearly the "the SIMBL framework" hyperlink. (Tiger is made explicit to avoid the "so, is it Panther-only?" kind of question.)\
}