{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Regular;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Italic;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-BoldItalic;\f4\fnil\fcharset79 LiHeiPro;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red132\green157\blue190;}
\paperw11899\paperh16839\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12420\viewh14680\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Web site strings for Afloat.\

\f1\b0 See the 
\f2\i Translator's Guide to the Madness
\f1\i0  for more information about this file. Strings with strikeout marks (\striked1 like this\strike0\striked0 ) have been obsoleted and are here for historical reference only.  If they are untranslated, do not translate them.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "a work of \'b0"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "une r\'8ealisation d\'d5\'b0"\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 "\'b0" is my nickname and therefore a proper noun.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "contact me"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "contactez-moi par e-mail"\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "AIM"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "par iChat"\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 AIM as in AOL Instant Messenger. Feel free to change if "chat with me" can be said more clearly in your language. 
\f2\i \cf2 Translation note : keep AIM if you prefer, but in France where almost nobody uses AIM (except Mac users via iChat), I find it better this way --ljt
\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "Afloat. Light as air."\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "Afloat. L\'8eger comme l\'d5air."\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 This is the header at the top of the page. The tagline should be "catchy" and nice to read :)\
\

\f0\b \striked1 String: 
\f1\b0 "Make your Cocoa windows as light as air. Afloat lets them stay 
\f3\i\b always on top
\f1\i0\b0  of other windows, or make them 
\f3\i\b transparent
\f1\i0\b0  \'d0 or both at the same time, so that you can keep important things always in front of you. All of this 
\f3\i\b with just a few clicks, in most Mac applications
\f1\i0\b0 ."\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 \'c9\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 The bold-italicized parts above will appear dark blue on the page. If you want to use this effect, clearly mark the parts of text that you want to be emphasized.\strike0\striked0 \
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "Download Afloat 1.0 now."\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "T\'8el\'8echarger Afloat 1.0"\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 The 'now' can be dropped if it doesn't "feel" good in your language.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "pre-release 2"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "pr\'8e-version 2"\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 This is used in the yellow circle beneath 'Download\'c9'.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "development blog."\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "blog de d\'8eveloppement"\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 All lowercase.\
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "(The development blog is avaliable in 
\f3\i\b English [en] 
\f1\i0\b0 and 
\f3\i\b Italian [it]
\f1\i0\b0  only.)"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "Le blog de d\'8eveloppement n\'d5est disponible qu\'d5en 
\f3\i\b anglais [en]
\f1\i0\b0  et en 
\f3\i\b italien [it]
\f1\i0\b0 ."\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 The bold-italicized parts above will be linked to the English and Italian sites respectively. Please mark them with [en] and [it] in the translated text too.\
\

\f0\b \striked1 String:
\f1\b0  "Afloat is a Universal Binary and works on all Macs with Mac OS X "Tiger" 10.4 or later. Version 0.81 of \ul the SIMBL framework\ulnone  is included in the download"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 \'c9\

\f0\b Notes:
\f1\b0  Please mark clearly the "the SIMBL framework" hyperlink.\strike0\striked0 \
\

\f0\b String:
\f1\b0  for more info, see the release note and "read me".
\f0\b \
Translation: 
\f1\b0 "pour plus d\'d5information, consultez \ul les informations de mise \'88 jour et la documentation\ulnone ." 
\f0\b \cf2 OR\cf0  
\f1\b0 "pour plus d\'d5information, consultez \ul la documentation\ulnone ." 
\f4 \

\f0\b Notes:
\f1\b0  Please mark clearly the "the release notes and \'d2read me\'d3" hyperlink.  
\f2\i \cf2 Translation note : if it is too long, I feel you can scrape "les informations de mise \'88 jour", which translates "the release notes", since "la documentation" is a bit more extensive than "the read me file"\cf0 .
\f1\i0 \
\

\f0\b String: 
\f1\b0 "Make your windows 
\f3\i\b float above all others
\f1\i0\b0 , make them 
\f3\i\b transparent
\f1\i0\b0  at the scroll of your wheel or in a single keystroke, and 
\f3\i\b move them
\f0\i0  
\f1\b0 without having to go search for the title bar. All of this, for most Mac applications, in just a few clicks."\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "
\f3\i\b Fa\'94tes flotter
\f1\i0\b0  vos fen\'90tres au-dessus des autres, rendez les 
\f3\i\b transparentes
\f1\i0\b0  d\'d5un coup de roulette de souris ou d\'d5une seule frappe de clavier, et 
\f3\i\b d\'8eplacez-les
\f0\i0  
\f1\b0 sans passer par la barre de titre. Et tout \'8da, dans la plupart des applications de votre Mac, en quelques clics."\

\f0\b Notes: 
\f1\b0 The bold-italicized parts above will appear dark blue on the page. If you want to use this effect, clearly mark the parts of text that you want to be emphasized.\
\

\f0\b String:
\f1\b0  "Afloat is a Universal Binary and works on all Macs with Mac OS X 10.3.9 "Panther", or 10.4 "Tiger" or later. Version 0.81 of \ul the SIMBL framework\ulnone  is included in the download"\

\f0\b Translation: 
\f1\b0 "Afloat est en Universal Binary et fonctionne sur tous les Mac \'88 partir de Mac OS X 10.3.9 "Panther" ou Mac OS X 10.4 "Tiger". La version 0.81 de \ul la biblioth\'8fque SIMBL\ulnone  est incluse avec le t\'8el\'8echargement."\

\f0\b Notes:
\f1\b0  Please mark clearly the "the SIMBL framework" hyperlink. (Tiger is made explicit to avoid the "so, is it Panther-only?" kind of question.)\
}